when you think of the biggest bands of
the 80's you think of did you ever hear
of the band's pulp yeah of course
everybody had they had that ridiculous
hair of those particular outfits and oh
my god you're wonderful
Alex Fletcher has one last shot at Fame
the show is called battle of the 80s
husbands we did actually broke up in
1992 so technical and nineties has been
all he needs Cora Corman bigger than
Britney and Christina put together is a
hit
I can't possibly write a hit song for
her by Friday give it up I'm a bad hot
witch now with some magic I just might
switch I would love to talk to you about
maybe writing summary I'm just here to
cater to the plan that one is plastic I
met that guy from that band used to like
he invited me to come see him perform
tonight yeah
are these pants too tight
I'll do it it doesn't have to be perfect
just spit it out
I really wanted to talk to you about a
fact unfortunately we're gonna have to
leave early to finish the last verse of
this song a melody is like sex I so get
that but then as you get to know the
person that's the lyrics they're stored
by who they are underneath how's my good
songwriter
I slept beside you slept with Sophie I
think she's up I could have go
Hugh Grant win you win again there isn't
or something no there's a lot of
something drew barrymore best time I've
had in the last 15 years we're sitting
about get over you it's wonderfully
sensitive especially from a man were
such tight pants it forces all the blood
to my heart I've been sleeping where the
clown above mad bed clown is not right
what is that workout in your bed let me
tell you we're not be the first time